---
Title:    Energy-Cost Aware Scheduling
Proposer:
	- Helmut Simonis
	- Barry Oâ€™Sullivan
	- Deepak Mehta
	- Barry Hurley
	- Milan De Cauwer
Category: Scheduling and related problems
---

You are running a cloud computing service, where customers contract to run
computing services (tasks). Each task has a duration, an earliest start and
latest end, and resource requirements expressed as integer values for CPU,
Memory and I/O attributes. The tasks can be scheduled on one of multiple
servers, each server has a limited capacity for the CPU, memory and I/O
attributes. Multiple tasks can run concurrently on the same machine if the total
resource consumption for all attributes is below the respective capacity. All
tasks must be scheduled within their release and due dates, these dates are set
so that no task stretches over midnight between two days. Tasks can not be
interrupted, once started, they must run for their given duration.

If a machine is used by a task, it must be running at that time. In addition to
the cost of running the allocated tasks, the machine consumes some idle power if
it is on. Every time a machine is switched on or off, a start-up resp. shut-down
cost must be paid. All machines are off at the beginning of the planning period,
all machines must be off at the end of the planning period.

The price of electricity for the data centre is a real-time price, and varies
throughout the day. The actual price is not known in advance, a forecast must be
used to generate a schedule. The total cost of the schedule is determined after
the fact by applying the actual price of electricity to the energy consumption
in each time period. An example of the discrepancy between the forecast and
actual price is shown in the Figure below. The objective is to generate a
schedule with the lowest total cost.

![Energy price data from the Irish electricity market for a sample one-week period.](assets/forecastvactuals_0.png)

This was the subject of the ICON Challenge 2014, a [full formal description is available](assets/iconchallenge.pdf).
